--- 
title: "Und Zen I Vas a Zirman"
canonical: "http://timschreiber.com/2016/01/06/und-zen-i-vas-a-zirman/"
date: 2016-01-06
layout: post
comments: true
description: "As you may already know, my last day with Software Information Systems (SIS) was 31-Dec-2015. It was a big decision for me, and a number of factors went into it...."
tags:
- work
---

As you may already know, my last day with Software Information Systems (SIS) was 31-Dec-2015. It was a big decision for me, and a number of factors went into it.

My job with SIS is what enabled me to move my wife and kids closer to our extended family, and for that, I will forever be grateful. But at some point after I was hired, business priorities changed, and I found myself continually wondering what my future in the company would be. I never lacked for work, but I didn’t have the variety or degree of career growth I had hoped for. Then, when my compensation was flat for too long, I knew it was time to move on. There were other reasons as well, but those are the big ones.

I began a passive job search in mid-2015 and pursued a few leads that didn’t go anywhere. Then in November, I was presented with an opportunity at ZirMed in Louisville. At the time, I wasn’t seriously considering anything in Louisville, since the commute would be longer than I wanted. The recruiter persisted, and I agreed to a phone interview mostly just to get him off my back. Well, the phone interview went really well and piqued my interest in the company. I rocked my in-person interview shortly after Thanksgiving, and by mid-December had negotiated and accepted an offer with an excellent compensation package.

What interested me most in ZirMed is that it is, at its heart, a software company. It has a progressive, tech company culture with a bunch of perks. The people are friendly and intelligent, the work is interesting, and their methodologies and standards are largely in line with my own development philosophy. The company is profitable and growing like crazy, and there is plenty of opportunity for variety, personal improvement, and career growth.

As of 4-Jan-2015, I am now a Senior .NET Engineer at ZirMed -- a ZirMan as it were. I’m still getting through the onboarding process and training, but I am excited to see what the future holds.

Stay tuned for more!
